>> Mike North: And
the next topic is refactoring.
What we're talking about here,
it is sort of like finding
your way through a code base.
Navigating, trying to find the right
function of interest and potentially like
changing things that are already entangled
with other pieces of code, right?
Renaming a function for example.
So this is one of the areas
where we as developers,
we have learned as web developers,
I should say,
we have learned to accept the fact that
our editors force most of this work on us.
And for me, personally, I use Shell
commands that existed 30 years ago to sort
of to find all references
to a particular function.
I use the Shell command find, and I've
been using that same command for years and
years and years.
Just sort of having accepted that
there's no other easy way to search
through folders and files for a particular
use, or get graph is another one.
You shouldn't put these ideas aside.
But for regular use, as we went around and
talked about our pet peeves with our
various tools,
context switching is one of them, right?
It is not ideal to go from, even if
we have an embedded terminal in here,
to go from terminal to
code to terminal to code.
It would be nice if we could
sorta stay focused in one area.
So the first thing I'm gonna
show is to how to go to a file.
And you do that, so you can look at
your particular key binding, and
we're gonna be living in this go menu for
now.
Going to File it is, it is Cmd+T for
me because I have Sublime
key bindings installed.
I have Cmd+P as well because if
you're used to Atom and Sublime,
that's sort of become
a defacto way to do it.
And you see we've got
a list of files here, so
they're sorted in order
that we last opened them.
So very recently,
we were looking at refactoring
this markdown file before we
said render the markdown.
Show me the nice layout.
This was where we came from.
Here's where we implemented our solution.
And we were toying around down here with
little emmet extensions in CSS and HTML.
So if I were to just
click on one of these,
it would open it in the current window.
And of course, as you might expect,
this will open stuff to the side.
Ad I want you to know that anytime we see
a box like this, there is only one box.
We'll talk about key bindings that you
can use for finding things by symbol,
running commands within Visual Studio
code itself, like install an extension.
Those all just are special strings
that we would type into this box.
So, for example,
if we begin with a greater than symbol,
we're gonna get away from files.
And now we're sort of telling
code to do particular things.
If you're used to Sublime or Atom,
this would be this is Cmd+Shift+P, right?
This is not open a file but rather,
editor, do something for me,
change my color theme,
run a task, something like that.
So that should be pretty simple.
Let's talk about going to a definition.
I'm just gonna open up
a relatively simple file.
So this is a regular JavaScript file and
I refer to other
objects in here,
some of which are within my own code base.
Some of which are core language features,
like a promise that comes
with JavaScript these days.
And some of which are in libraries
that I have sort of brought along.
But what we can do is hold
down the Command key and
when we hover over things,
they become links.
And we can click on them, and
that'll take us to the definition
of whatever we were clicking on.
So in the event that, sorry,
let me go back to that file.
Nice, it's on the top
cuz we were just there.
So if we can click on this,
we'll sort of jump to that function.
Click on this,
we'll jump to that property.
It's really nice to have linked code so
that we can sort of drill in and
drill in and explore our code base.
So that is Go To definition.
There's also something
called the type definition.
And you'll note that I
get some pretty great
autocomplete style feedback
from the editor here.
When I do something like this,
first off, it seems that the editor
knows that there's this thing
called freeze on an object, right?
It has is frozen, freeze, fire.
It's actually picking fire up
because there's a method down,
there's a method somewhere.
Sorry, it's in listener
support called fire.
>> Mike North: So it's basically
picked up that string recently and
it's saying, did you mean this?
Is this what you're trying to use?
And then when we have freeze selected
up here, you can see that we've got
this big kinda description of
the various types involved here.
And if you are already
TypeScript indoctrinated,
you will see that,
this is the object constructor,
which is the capital O object,
freeze is the function name.
It takes in an argument and it returns
a Readonly array with this item in it.
So where are we getting
this information from?
Where could we look at the definitions
of everything that's on an object?
We would right-click on this and
we can say Go to Type Definition.
And it'll take us basically to a file
that is built into TypeScript.
In this case, it's because we have
TypeScript involved in this project and
these aren't functions.
These aren't implementations of these
things because those are internal
browser code pieces, right?
But it is a description of, with types,
anything that can be done on this
object constructor, more specifically.
So oftentimes,
you want to take a look of that.
>> Mike North: So
that was type definition.
Symbol is pretty nice.
And this was implemented in Sublime and
Atom as well.
So if we're in this file,
we can actually hit Cmd+R or
you can just open this thing up and
start with a hashtag.
And you basically start to search for
symbols.
And so if I said cart, it's basically
found a couple of functions.
So it's found objects like a class called
CartStore, a component called Cart.
And then here it's found
a couple of functions here,
so if I said, let's say saveCart.
Actually, I think it's like this.
There it is, saveCart, so I can click
on that and it'll take me to this.
So symbols would be basically high level
names of things that relate
to your data structures.
Classes, functions,
constants, things like that.
>> Mike North: So you can hit Cmd+R.
Sorry, let me add a little
bit of detail here.
What we were just looking
at with the hashtag,
that is searching in our workspace for
a symbol, right?
Note that if we had cart,
there was multiple files here.
If we begin with an @ sign,
this is only within this particular file.
And you'll note that I get a much
more complete set of results.
I didn't even have to type anything, just
because it is feasible to just show you
all of the symbols that
are available within this file.
>> Mike North: So those are symbols,
great way to jump around to
different functions within a given file.
And then finding by line, I use this.
There's basically one situation
where I find myself using this.
And that is if I have a production
asset and I have a stack
trace that points to
line 21,000 of 80,000 and
source maps have failed me for
some reason.
You can just hit Ctrl+G, or
in the Go menu, there's Go to Line.
And here we could type in Go to line 900,
and it'll take us right there.
But again, this is the same box, same box.
We just begin with a :,
an @, a #, a >.
And that helps us understanding
exactly what we're asking for,
sort of the command.
And then think of the rest of the string
as your argument that you're passing to
that command.
>> Mike North: All right, so
that's sort of jumping around to
various important milestones
within your project.